add clarifying info on how MF joins works (#6690)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/join-logic.md

Joins use `entities` defined in your semantic model configs as the join keys between tables. Assuming entities are defined in the semantic model, MetricFlow creates a graph using the semantic models as nodes and the join paths as edges to perform joins automatically. MetricFlow chooses the appropriate join type and avoids fan-out or chasm joins with other tables based on the entity types.

<Expandable alt_header="What are fan-out or chasm joins?" >
-  Fan-out joins are when one row in a table is joined to multiple rows in another table, resulting in more output rows than input rows.
-  Chasm joins are when two tables have a many-to-many relationship through an intermediate table, and the join results in duplicate or missing data.
</Expandable>

## Types of joins

:::tip Joins are auto-generated
MetricFlow automatically generates the necessary joins to the defined semantic objects, eliminating the need for you to create new semantic models or configuration files.

This section explains the different types of joins that can be used with entities and how to query them.
:::

> - MetricFlow primarily uses left joins for joins. 

Reviewer: Should we add an intro sentence for these bullets? And and simplify the bullets a little. Maybe something like:

> Metricflow uses these specific join strategies:
> * Primarily left joins
> * Full outer joins for queries that involve multiple `fct` models
> * Restricts the use of fan-out and chasm joins

- For queries that involve multiple `fct` models, MetricFlow uses full outer joins. 
- It restricts the use of fan-out and chasm joins. 

> Refer to the following table to identify which joins are or aren't allowed based on specific entity types to prevent the creation of risky joins.

Reviewer: What do you think about simplifying a little and moving the two sentences to this paragraph:
```suggestion
The following table identifies which joins are allowed based on specific entity types to prevent the creation of risky joins. This table primarily represents left joins unless otherwise specified. For scenarios involving multiple `fct` models, MetricFlow uses full outer joins.
```

| Unique                    | Foreign                   | ❌ Fan-out (Not allowed) |
| Foreign                   | Primary                   | ✅ Left                 |
| Foreign                   | Unique                    | ✅ Left                 |
| Foreign                   | Foreign                   | ❌ Fan-out (Not allowed) |

> This table primarily represents left joins unless otherwise specified. For scenarios involving multiple `fct` models, MetricFlow uses full outer joins.

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this before the table?
```suggestion
```

> ### Explanation of joins

Reviewer: I think these definitions would be helpful to read before the bullets above.

Author: moved them and consolidated content:
![Screenshot 2024-12-24 at 10 19 30](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5be954b0-bbc0-4ec0-8e12-b7811bf7233c)

mf query --metrics average_purchase_price --group-by metric_time,user_id__type # In dbt Core
```

#### SQL examples

> The following tabs provide SQL examples for both left joins and full outer joins, showing how MetricFlow handles these scenarios in practice.

Reviewer: What do you think about simplifying this sentence a little. Maybe like this:
```suggestion
These SQL examples show how MetricFlow handles both left join and full outer join scenarios in practice:
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="SQL example for left join"> 

> Following the previous example using the `transactions` and `user_signup` semantic models, this shows a left join between those two semantic models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the previous example for `transactions` and `user_signup` semantic models, this shows a left join between those two semantic models.
```
